Upgrade assistant reindex privileges (#3388)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/upgrade/prepare-to-upgrade/upgrade-assistant.md

## Required permissions [_required_permissions_11] 

To access the Upgrade Assistant, you need the `manage` cluster privilege. 

> Reindexing indices requires "all" access for the existing and target index. For 8.18.0 thought 8.18.8 and 8.19.0 through 8.19.5, the `superuser` role is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reindexing indices requires "all" access for both the existing and target index. In versions 8.18.0 through 8.18.8 and 8.19.0 through 8.19.5, the `superuser` role is required.
```
